welcome to this little review of the
ray wang wayfarer in this case is the
special edition number 3
well I do not know if they can see the lenses
in the back
the special review tells us the
goalkeeper
to Ramón and well, well, simply
I'm going to make a small review
as you can see the sun is overwhelming the
table virtually blinds
anyone if he still sees it then
let's put what the lens is like
can see
in this way
Well the truth are excellent lenses
I'll tell you more with the entity so that
reach to observe
is this way from there then if you
you find on the road or you like it
driving is also a very good option
although the best would be the rays
polarized since these
It has a cost of about two thousand
and as the other polarized arrive
cost up to three thousand five hundred
four thousand pesos even in stores
elegant as liverpool I have arrived
to see up to four thousand pesos and good
this is a very good option if you want
buy some lenses below
I will put other
next I will put other images that
I have taken
and they are just a few seconds
and good that's so that in case
all you want
well, observe
good all the videos that I recorded in
other occasions because observe the
lens quality are excellent
this test was done with a cell phone with
the sony ericsson xperia
s
in automatic mode in hd 720